[MUSIC]
Throughout this course, we are going
to be following two continuous,
fictitious storylines
from beginning to end.
Our instructors will use these stories
to teach you concepts in this course.
In the first story,
we will be helping a small startup airline
connect their data sources,
help them solve some issues.
And in the second story, we'll be helping
a boutique retailer organize their data,
and then make better decisions by
utilizing more advanced scenario and
visualization techniques.
Let's explore both of these
examples in more detail.
First, let's explore our airline example.
Throughout the student exercise, you will
be playing the role of data analyst for
a small startup airline
operating out of the Chicago,
Illinois area in the United States.
The airline's management team has a strong
airlines operations background, but
don't have much financial or
data analytics experience.
Many of their systems are disparate and
not connected.
In your interview, you are shocked to find
out that the airline cannot even pull,
from a singular location, details about
aircraft that are flying specific routes
and seating capacity of those aircraft.
But, instead, would need to go and
open two separate data files.
The airline is hoping that you
can help them solve their issues
by not only connecting their data sources,
but also helping them make
some large strategic decisions that they
need to make as they continue to grow and
position themselves in the market.
For our second story,
you will be working on your own
after having the techniques demonstrated
in the instructional videos.
You now have been hired by
a rapidly expanding company
that manufactures clothing.
The company has been around a long time,
and
has operated under the strong
gut feeling of the founder.
However, the founder's daughter is
taking a larger role in the business.
She's combining her father's strong
gut market feel with her analytical
analysis to drive a boom in sales.
This sales growth has strained
the business infrastructure and
many of the supporting processes.
You've been hired to help
the company continue to enhance
their analytical decision-making.
Throughout this course,
we will be using Excel 2013 on a PC.
If you have a different
version of Excel and
are working on a Mac computer, most of the
features should still be available, but
may be located in
slightly different menus.
Second, all of the concepts learned
should be applicable across all versions.
Also, keep in mind, Excel may not always
be the most powerful tool to address and
demonstrate each of the concepts covered.
There are many other tools
available in the market place.
However, Excel is one of
the only tools that can answer
all of the questions asked,
and is universally accessible.
Once again, all of the concepts
learned can be carried forward and
used on a vast range of tools,
from Python to Tableau to R,
based on what is required to answer
our specific business needs.
Now, let's move into our weekly sessions
and see where the stories take us.
Good luck.